Dartmouth College is located in Hanover, New Hampshire. Tour the campus, sample the arts and recreation offerings, learn about the College's history, explore the area, and engage with the year-round vibrant intellectual life. Need help? Call the Dartmouth Operator at (603) 646-1110. Flowers are blooming, the trees are covered with leaves, and the Dartmouth Green is, once again, green. It’s springtime in Hanover. (Photo by Eli Burakian ’00) Dartmouth’s own historic Hanover Inn is conveniently located on campus. The renovated Inn offers modern services and amenities for conferences, lodging, and dining. Dartmouth’s vibrant arts district—including the Hopkins Center for the Arts (left), the Hood Museum of Art (center), and the Black Family Visual Arts Center (right)—is in full swing all year. Dartmouth’s libraries are open to visitors. Come browse the open book stacks, attend an exhibit, tour the Orozco Murals in Baker-Berry Library, or grab a cup of coffee in a café. Cheer on the Big Green athletics teams during your visit. Directions to Dartmouth by car, plane, bus, and train. Once you’re here, find your way around with the campus map. From lectures and conferences to arts and athletics, you’ll find what’s happening at Dartmouth here. Conveniently located on campus, Dartmouth’s own historic and renovated Hanover Inn offers modern conference facilities, fine lodging, and farm-to-table dining. Join a student-led tour of campus or attend an Undergraduate Admissions information session. Current weather conditions from the National Weather Service You can visit Dartmouth from the comfort of your own home! Virtually tour the Dartmouth campus with optional commentary from student guides. A resource for students, families, and guests, including a schedule of events, lodging, parking information, and more. Local dining, lodging, shopping, and visitor information from the Hanover Area Chamber of Commerce. Accessibility assistance is available for current and prospective students, employees, and guests.