Dartmouth College educates the most promising students and prepares them for a lifetime of learning and of responsible leadership through a faculty dedicated to teaching and the creation of knowledge.  Dartmouth expects academic excellence and encourages independence of thought within a culture of collaboration. Dartmouth faculty are passionate about teaching our students and are at the forefront of their scholarly or creative work. Dartmouth embraces diversity with the knowledge that it significantly enhances the quality of a Dartmouth education. Dartmouth recruits and admits outstanding students from all backgrounds regardless of their financial means. Dartmouth fosters lasting bonds among faculty staff and students which encourage a culture of integrity self-reliance and collegiality and instill a sense of responsibility for each other and for the broader world. Dartmouth supports the vigorous and open debate of ideas within a community marked by mutual respect.   Since its founding in 1769 to educate Native students English youth and others Dartmouth has provided an intimate and inspirational setting where talented faculty students and staff­­—diverse in background but united in purpose—contribute to the strength of an exciting academic community that cuts easily across disciplines. Dartmouth is committed to providing the best undergraduate liberal arts experience and to providing outstanding graduate programs in the Geisel School of Medicine the School of Graduate and Advanced Studies Thayer School of Engineering and the Tuck School of Business. Together they constitute an exceptional and rich learning environment. Dartmouth faculty and student research contributes substantially to the expansion of human understanding. The College provides a comprehensive out-of-classroom experience including service opportunities engagement in the arts and competitive athletic recreational and outdoor programs. Pioneering programs in computation and international education are hallmarks of the College. Dartmouth graduates are marked by an understanding of the importance of teamwork a capacity for leadership and their keen enjoyment of a vibrant community. Their loyalty to Dartmouth and to each other is legendary and is a sustaining quality of the College.  Dartmouth History and Traditions   Dartmouth's charter was signed in 1769. 