Centers of knowledge.  Research learning and public dialogue meet in the activities of Dartmouth’s centers and institutes. The centers listed below represent a sample from across the institution. A comprehensive list of the  more than 50 research centers  at Dartmouth is also available. Exploring topics that touch on nearly every aspect of human inquiry our centers foster some of Dartmouth’s most cutting-edge work. The Institute's mission is to advance an affordable sustainable and reliable energy future for the benefit of society by developing the next generation of energy experts leaders and citizens and by transforming humankind's understanding of energy systems across technological environmental economic geopolitical and cultural perspectives. The Center at the Tuck School of Business prepares leaders to understand shape and succeed in the dynamic interactions between business and government in the global economy. CCNE takes advantage of Dartmouth’s culture of cross-disciplinary collaboration to integrate nanotechnology into basic and applied cancer research in order to provide new solutions for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. DCAL facilitates professional development for Dartmouth’s faculty and cultivates conversation about how people learn. It works with educators across the campus and helps them practice learner-centered course design implementation and assessment. The Dartmouth Center for Social Impact prepares students to be transformative leaders for the common good. The Forum is a collaborative alliance that promotes campus-wide dialogue on complex issues. It seeks to respond to growing political ideological social and intellectual dissonance in the academy and in society. The students and faculty at  The Dartmouth Institute  ask challenging questions about health care and use research education and engagement to understand and improve health care systems in the U.S. and abroad. The John Sloan Dickey Center aims to produce the best understanding and analysis of international issues through collaborative multidisciplinary research on complex problems such as global climate change world health crises and war and conflict resolution. The Institute fosters the study and teaching of ethics throughout the Dartmouth community at the undergraduate graduate and professional schools. A teaching museum the Hood works to create an ideal learning environment that fosters transformative encounters with works of art. It currently holds about 65000 objects in its collections which are among the oldest and largest of any university in the country. The Hop is the cultural hub of campus and nurtures a passion for the arts within the Dartmouth community and in the Upper Valley region. Each year the Hop holds more than 100 live performances in virtually all genres of music theater and dance as well as over 200 film screenings and other events. ISTS is dedicated to advancing information security and privacy through interdisciplinary research education and outreach programs that focus on information technology and its role in society. The Institute fosters the habits of inquiry reading writing and speech that constitute the heart of a liberal arts education preparing Dartmouth students to be critical thinkers speakers readers and writers. The Fannie and Alan Leslie ’30 Center is an interdisciplinary space for the production and advancement of humanistic knowledge. Everything the Center does—from hosting lectures and seminars to providing faculty and student research fellowships—helps define and promote the value of the humanities at Dartmouth and beyond. Computation is increasingly important to research conducted across the humanities arts social sciences and sciences. The William H. Neukom Institute was founded in 2007 to enable Dartmouth students and faculty to integrate computational technology into their scholarship. Dartmouth-Hitchcock Norris Cotton Cancer Center is one of the nation’s premier facilities for cancer treatment and research. It is one of 69 National Cancer Institute–designated comprehensive cancer centers in the U.S. The center’s researchers and clinicians work to improve the understanding prevention and treatment of cancer. The Nelson A. Rockefeller Center for Public Policy educates trains and inspires the next generation of public policy leaders in all fields through multidisciplinary education public lectures by visiting scholars and dignitaries skills training and research across the social sciences. SYNERGY fosters translational research at Dartmouth by improving research infrastructure promoting cross-disciplinary collaboration training scientists in translational research and facilitating the movement of scientific discoveries into clinical trials and clinical practice. The William Jewett Tucker Center offers opportunities to cultivate a sense of meaning and purpose through spiritual ethical and moral exploration and engagement.