The liberal ARTs: Creativity is at the heart of a Dartmouth education. The thriving campus arts district unites the Hopkins Center for the Arts the Hood Museum of Art and the Black Family Visual Arts Center. Find what moves you here. Dartmouth’s arts district: The Black Family Visual Arts Center (right) the Hood Museum of Art (center) and the Hopkins Center for the Arts (left) frame the Maffei Arts Plaza. The Hopkins Center for the Arts hosts at least 100 live performances a year including Department of Theater and student productions. The Hood Museum of Art has one of America’s largest university collections and is free and open to the public. Dartmouth celebrated the arts in 2012-13 with a slate of artistic programs and initiatives. See the Arts at Dartmouth website for an archive and a calendar of upcoming events. One of the nation’s foremost campus-based arts centers the “Hop” annually presents a broad array of world-class music dance theater and film programs as well as more than 100 performances including those by students. Housing one of the oldest and largest (more than 70000 works) American university art collections the Hood facilitates meaningful encounters with art for the campus and greater communities. Dartmouth’s academic arts departments—Art History Film and Media Studies Music Studio Art and Theater—enrich the curriculum and the life of the arts on campus. From the Gospel Choir to dance Dartmouth students—and in some cases community members—perform in nine ensembles working with distinguished directors and engaging with renowned guest artists. The Hood's extensive student programs include employment events and the distinctive opportunity to mine the museum’s collections to curate original exhibitions. A distinguished collection of works of public art grace Dartmouth’s campus including Ellsworth Kelly’s Dartmouth Panels a major site-specific piece. A comprehensive list of arts-related organizations programs and opportunities at Dartmouth. The arts are well represented among Dartmouth’s more than 160 student-run groups.