Many cultures, one community. At Dartmouth, differences are embraced and ideas are challenged. Our diverse community of students, faculty, and staff come together to share perspectives, learn, and grow. Dartmouth’s annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration offers the opportunity to reflect on the civil rights leader’s life and legacy. The rainbow flag flies from Collis porch when Dartmouth celebrates Pride Week each year. Former Dartmouth President John G. Kemeny, center, rededicated Dartmouth to its chartered purpose: the education of Native youth. Visit Dartmouth’s Native American Studies program. Candles illuminate the Green during the celebration of Diwali, the Hindu "festival of lights." The office provides resources and creates partnerships across the institution that promote an accessible and inclusive working environment. OPAL engages students in identity, community, and leadership development, advancing Dartmouth’s commitment to academic success, diversity, inclusion, and wellness. The initiative for inclusive excellence at Dartmouth was created in 2016 to define clear goals for inclusivity and diversity across campus, establish accountability, and propose short- and long-term means of creating a more inclusive and diverse community. The Intergroup Dialogue engages students in authentic conversations about issues of identity, diversity, and inequity. The office works with students, faculty, and staff to ensure that all facilities, programs, and services are accessible to anyone with a disability. With the goal of advancing recruitment efforts and increasing the retention of diverse talent, Dartmouth College provides institutional support for the Employee Resource Networks (ERN) at Dartmouth College. Groups across campus collaborate on an annual, multi-week program honoring Dr. King’s legacy. The William Jewett Tucker Center supports students’ moral and spiritual explorations and provides opportunities for work in areas of service, spirituality, and social justice. Students are offered the opportunity to engage in gender-based work beyond the classroom and support campus-wide respect for differences.