The student-led Museum Club had no idea what kind of turnout to expect for its inaugural Hood After 5 held last April. But nearly 300 people streamed through the doors. Jennings's play  Citrus  had at its world premiere at Northern Stage Theater in White River Junction Vt. on Feb. 29 and got a standing ovation from a packed house. With a culture of critical thinking creativity and collaboration at its core the Dartmouth experience is one of exploration and engagement. See where this adventurous spirit has led us lately—on campus and beyond. Dartmouth scientists are piloting a new teaching tool to demystify quantum mechanics and computing at the local high school. Dartmouth has formed a high-level task force to plan for and manage possible disruptions related to the COVID-19 coronavirus monitor recommendations implement guidance and communicate with the community. Harvard Business Review Tuck’s Paul Argenti who studies crisis communication says he tells students and clients that it’s vital “to communicate early and often with your key constituencies throughout a crisis. … it is still better to be as transparent as you can.” The Wall Street Journal In the newpaper's report on college rankings Dartmouth is on its list of the top 10 midsize institutions of higher learning in the nation. The schools considered midsize are those with 3000 to 10000 undergraduates reports the newspaper. VPR VPR The associate professor of English and creative writing talks about his new book  This Brilliant Darkness  and the late-night interviews that he did as research. "I was fortunate in finding people who were working night shifts of their own and could share their lives with me" he says. American Medical Association American Medical Association USC medical student Drayton Harvey '17 tells the American Medical Association that his four years of research as an undergraduate at Dartmouth led to published studies and gave him experience that strengthened his medical school applications. Get together for seven days of learning unity exploration difficult conversations and inspiration at Dartmouth Pre-Union June 15-20! Click to learn about new rules for all faculty and staff working on campus as of May 11 2020 Dartmouth News gathered together some of the many stories written about the celebrations adventures and awards of the Class of 2020.