From the Boston area (about 2.5 hours) Take I-93 north to I-89 north at Concord N.H.Get off I-89 at Exit 18 in Lebanon NH onto Route 120.Bear right off the exit heading north on Rt.120 into Hanover.4.1 miles from the exit Rt. 120 forks at a traffic light.Bear right at the fork following Rt. 120 one-half mile on South Park Street to the second traffic light.Turn left at the light onto East Wheelock Street.Follow East Wheelock for two-tenths of a mile. You will come to the Hopkins Center (left) and the Dartmouth Green (right). From Burlington Vt. (about 1.5 hours) Take I-89 south to I-91 north in White River Junction Vt. Follow I-91 N to exit 13 Norwich Vt.  Bear right off the exit across the Ledyard Bridge spanning the Connecticut River.Continue up the hill (West Wheelock Street) to the top of the hill and to the traffic light in the center of town nine-tenths of a mile from the interstate exit.On your left at the light is the Dartmouth Green; to your right is the Hanover Inn. From New York (about 5 hours) southern New England and points south Take I-91 north to exit 13 at Norwich Vt.Bear right off the exit across the Ledyard Bridge spanning the Connecticut River.Continue up the hill (West Wheelock Street) to the top of the hill and to the traffic light in the center of town nine-tenths of a mile from the interstate exit.On your left at the light is the Dartmouth Green; to your right is the Hanover Inn. Lebanon Airport: Lebanon N.H. (LEB) About 5 miles or 15 minutes driving time from campus Manchester-Boston Regional Airport: Manchester N.H. (MHT) About 75 miles or 1.5 hours driving time from campus Logan International Airport: Boston Mass. (BOS) About 120 miles or 2.5 hours driving time from campus Bradley International Airport: Hartford Ct. (BDL) About 150 miles or 2.5 hours driving time from campus Amtrak's “Vermonter” service connecting Northern New England with New York City and Washington DC arrives daily in White River Junction Vt. About 5 miles ten minutes driving time from campus. Dartmouth Coach offers daily service between the Dartmouth campus and Boston's South Station and Logan Airport as well as the Yale Club in New York adjacent to Grand Central Station. Greyhound serves White River Junction Vt. About 5 miles ten minutes driving time from campus. Advance Transit serves the Upper Valley region of New Hampshire and Vermont. Rides are free on all Advance Transit bus routes. Resources for those traveling on Dartmouth business—including bus and train schedules rental car programs airport information and sedan services—can be found through the Controller’s Office Transportation Options site. Dartmouth’s own historic Hanover Inn offers fine lodging and dining.