Never stop learning. Education at Dartmouth is not only for full-time students. Embrace the many opportunities Dartmouth offers for lifelong learning and professional and personal growth. The Hopkins Center for the Arts’ Outreach & Arts Education program ignites and sustains a passion for the arts. Vigorous minds take on timely and provocative subjects by participating in courses and attending lectures through Osher​, Dartmouth’s Institute for Lifelong Learning. Dartmouth’s 10 libraries, including Rauner Special Collections Library, welcome the public and offer endless opportunities for the curious. Alumni, faculty, and friends share a love of learning and a love of adventure through Dartmouth Alumni Travel programs. Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at DartmouthEducating adults since 1990, Osher offers lectures, travel programs, and an expansive array of courses on topics from architecture to Ulysses. DartmouthXTake free online classes through Dartmouth’s MOOCs (massive open online courses) in topics as varied as “Introduction to German Opera,” “Question Reality! Science, Philosophy, and the Search for Meaning,” and “The Engineering of Structures Arounds Us.” EventsDaily opportunities abound for the public and campus community to engage with renowned scholars and leaders, learn about groundbreaking research, take in an art exhibition, participate in conferences, and more. Dartmouth LibrariesDartmouth’s 10 libraries are open to the public and offer endless opportunities for learning and discovery. Tuck Executive Education at DartmouthThe Tuck School of Business designs and delivers learning initiatives that transform individuals and organizations. Hopkins Center for the Arts Through the Hop’s master classes, lectures, and programs, the public and Dartmouth community can interact with artists and experience the broad spectrum of the performing arts. Hood Museum of Art The Hood’s lectures and tours guide visitors through the world of art, fostering creativity and learning. The museum is free and open to the public. Dartmouth Center for the Advancement of LearningDCAL provides ongoing learning for Dartmouth’s educators, including course and syllabus design, classroom technology, and training workshops. Office of Human Resources Career development courses and workshops, an extensive online software-training program, and tuition assistance are available for Dartmouth employees. Dartmouth Alumni Opportunities Educational travel adventures, nationwide events featuring Dartmouth faculty, and on-campus lecture programs for alumni are listed here.    