Dig deeper.  The extensive print and digital collections of  Dartmouth’s libraries  serve as vital extensions of the campus’s teaching and research facilities. With subject-specific guidance and support from Dartmouth's librarians intellectual curiosity is rewarded here. Baker Library tower is a beacon at the center of campus. Connect with the  Dartmouth College Library . Two cafés and comfortable chairs in the  Baker-Berry Library  help fuel study and contemplation. Among the treasures in  Rauner Special Collections Library : this tiny manuscript Book of Hours produced in Florence Italy in the late 15th century. The  English Department's  elegant Sanborn Library offers a tea service each weekday afternoon at 4 o ’ clock. For more than 70 years the price has remained an unbeatable 10 cents. At the heart of campus Baker-Berry Library is home to the humanities and social sciences collections classrooms study and social spaces several academic centers a letterpress studio and more. Rauner’s collections—which are available for all to use—include more than 100000 rare books millions of manuscripts and the extensive Dartmouth College Archives. Dana Biomedical Library and Matthews-Fuller Health Sciences Library support the disciplines of health and life sciences across campus and at the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center. Offers support and resources for the students faculty and staff at two of Dartmouth's professional schools the Tuck School of Business and Thayer School of Engineering. Located in the Hopkins Center for the Arts Paddock houses music-related collections including musical scores sound and video recordings and journals. Borrow a digital camera for a project or a favorite film take a video-editing class and more—all at Jones Media Center. Sherman supports the departments of art history and studio art and the Hood Museum of Art with print and digital resources including an image database and a special collection of rare items. Primary resource for the physical sciences including earth sciences environmental studies chemistry mathematics computer science and physics and astronomy. More than 189000 sheet maps  the latest mapping software and an extensive collection of atlases books journals globes and photos support disciplines from geography to linguistics.